200 km of walking have brought this
group from young people to the elderly
to Washington to call and sing for a
ceasefire in
Gaza children being targeted by snipers
and head shots it's pretty much hard to
believe I want to call on Joe Biden to
call for a ceasefire and stop sending
our tax money to bomb Children and
Families the protest began in
Philadelphia on February 14th with some
300 people departing from Independence
Hall the birthplace of the US
Constitution some demonstrators joined
the March for
segments others walked the entire way
trudging along snowy highways and
finding rest at churches our president
bypassed Congress twice how are your
feet feeling after walking out this way
honestly I can never complain when I
think about what the Palestinians are
suffering finally arriving in front of
the White House after 7 Days on the Road
the group gathered for a rally to
deliver their message I am a pilgrim for
peace in addition to a ceasefire they
want Washington to stop sending weapons
to Israel and to increase humanitarian
Aid to Palestinians any person of
conscience and goodwi ought to be
concerned about Geno side ethnic
cleansing ought to be concerned about
AAR ought to be concerned about
suffering of anybody well we're
disappointed disgusted uh particularly
because America continues to embarrass
herself on a global stage how can we
call oursel a leader in the global
society and yet refuse and continue to
remain silent by refusing to vote for a
ceasefire polls show a growing majority
of Americans think their country should
support a ceasefire Gaza and these
protesters are trying to push Washington
to agree Heidi Joe Castro Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer